Add fake-source-cluster for testing the sync service (#364)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator: simulator/docs/running-simulator.md

Then, you can access the simulator with http://localhost:3000.
If you want to deploy the simulator on a remote server and access it via a specific IP (e.g: like http://10.0.0.1:3000/),
please make sure that you have executed `export SIMULATOR_EXTERNAL_IP=your.server.ip` before running `docker compose up -d`.

> You can run a kwok cluster that acts as a fake source cluster of syncing the resources of a real cluster.
> This is helpful to debug the syncing service.
> You can do it by the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can run a kwok cluster that acts as a fake source cluster to try out [the resource importing feature](./import-cluster-resources.md).
```
